Spanish content (#2)
huggingface/education-toolkit: README.md

<aside>

> We've put together a set of tools college instructors can use to easily prepare labs, assignments, or lectures. The content is self-designed so that it can be easily incorporated into the existing curriculum. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
We've put together a set of tools college instructors can use to easily prepare labs, assignments, or lectures. The content is self-contained so that it can be easily incorporated into an existing curriculum. This content is **free** and uses well-known Open Source technologies (`transformers`, `gradio`, etc).
```

In addition to the tutorials, we also share other resources to go deeper into ML or that can help design the toolkit content.

## 🌎 Languages and translations

|     Language     |                                           Source                                            | Authors                                                                                                                         | Contributors                                                                                   |
| :--------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|     English      | [ `tutorials/EN` ](https://github.com/huggingface/education-toolkit/tree/main/tutorials/EN) | @[lewtun](https://github.com/lewtun), @[abidlabs](https://github.com/abidlabs), @[osanseviero](https://github.com/osanseviero)  |                                                                                                |

> |     Spanish      | [ `tutorials/ES` ](https://github.com/huggingface/education-toolkit/tree/main/tutorials/ES) | @ [lewtun](https://github.com/lewtun), @[abidlabs](https://github.com/abidlabs), @[osanseviero](https://github.com/osanseviero) | @[omarespejel](https://github.com/omarespejel), @[Fabioburgos](https://github.com/Fabioburgos) |

Reviewer 2: Sounds good!
